1. How would you define machine learning?
Machine learning is the art and science of programming computers so that they can learn from data.
It gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
Correct.

2. Can you define four types of problems where it shines?
* Algorithms or processes that requires a long list of complex rules and that may need to be constantly fine-tuned
* Identifying patterns and important conclusions from large datasets
* Problems that are either too complex for traditional approaches or have no known algorithm.
* Fluctuating environments since machine learning systems can adapt to new data
Correct.

3. What is a labeled training set?
Labeled data in a group of sample have been tagged with one or multiple informative labels.
This is a prerequisite in supervised learning in which the data you feed the algorithm
includes the desired solution, which is included in the dependent variable.
A labeled data-set is a data-set that contains a field with the desired solution.
COrrect.

4. What are the two most common supervised tasks?
* Classification
* Regression.
* (Optional) Certain types of neural networks
Correct.

5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
* Anomaly detection and novelty detection
* Dimensionality reduction
* Clustering
* Visualisation
* Association rule learning
Correct.

6. Reinforcement learning since the method would need to be able to adapt depending
on the changing terrain and the new conditions which it may face.
Correct.

7. Clustering algorithm, however if you know what customers you would like to have,
then you can provide examples of such groups to the algorithm and use classification.
Incorrect.


8. I would categorise it as supervised learning since the method would unsupervised
method would need to be trained using labeled data (i.e. spam or not spam).
The method could be improved by running semi-supervised learning using partially
labelled data, which could be improved incrementally by the users classifying
e-mails as spam.
Correct.

9. What is an online learning system?
An online learning system represents a system that can be trained incrementally
using mini-batches. These systems require less io, data, memory, disk space and cpu than traditional
off-line learning systems that needs to be implemented through batch-learning.
Each learning is fast and cheap. These methods are great for systems
that needs to learn incrementally or that receives data as a continous flow
(e.g. stocks). It is also a good system if you have limited resources.
A challenge is that if bad data is loaded into the system the performance will decline
faster than a corresponding off-line solution.
Correct.

10. What is out-of-core learning
Online systems can also be used to train systems on huge data-sets that cannot
fit in one machines memory. This is called out-of-core learning.
Correct.

11. Instance-based learning system learns the training data by heart; then, when it
is given a new instance, it uses a similarity measure to find the most similarity
learned instance and them make predictions. An example of such a model is k-nearest neighbours
or k-means clustering.
Correct.

12. The hyper-parameter is part of the model calibration an not the model. The
hyper-parameter is fixed before training is commenced and remains fixed during
its duration. Hyper-parameters can be used for regularization or finetuning a calibration.
Correct.

13. Model based learning algorithms search for an optimal value for the model
parameters such that the model will generalize well to new instances.
Models are usually trained by minimising a cost-function that measures how bad the system
is at making predictions on the training data, plus a penalty for model complexity
if the model is regularized.
Correct, but rewritten.

14. Data quality, Non-representative data, Quantity of Training-data, Irrelevant features

15. Overfitting is the most likely answer. This can be fixed by choosing
a more simple model, regulatization, or selecting the best model using cross-validation.

16. The test-set is used to estimate the generalization error that a model
will make on new instances.

17. In order to select the best performing model it can be a good idea
to create a validation data-set. This is a split of the test-set that is used
in order to evaluate the models based on the train-set. Once a model has been
selected, it should be calibrated based on the full training-set.
Cross-validation is another alternative.

18.
Incorrect

19. If you tune hyperparameters using the test-set you risk overfitting the test-set
and the generalisation-error you measure will be too optimistic.
